[DataGrid] Allow to override the default overlay height in `autoHeight` mode (#10203)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/data-grid/layout/layout.md

{{"demo": "AutoHeightGrid.js", "bg": "inline"}}

> ### No rows height
> 
> By default, when the Data Grid has no rows, the rows container takes the height of two rows.
> 
> To adjust the height of the rows container, use the `--DataGrid-noRowsOverlayHeight` CSS variable.

Reviewer: In accordance with the other comment.
```suggestion
### Grid overlays' height

By default, the Data Grid overlays like `<NoRowsOverlay />` or `<LoadingOverlay />` take the height of two rows.

To customize the height of the overlay, use the `--DataGrid-overlayHeight` CSS variable.
```
